Code Book

This data contains the Happiness Score and the variables used to calulate it for 149 countries in 2021 and 153 values in 2020.
The Happiness Score is a national average of the responses to the main life evaluation question asked in the Gallup World Poll (GWP), which uses the Cantril Ladder.
All variables, excluding country and Region, are averages and therefor are all numeric values.
The Happiness Score is explained by the following factors:
GDP per capita
Healthy Life Expectancy
Social support
Freedom to make life choices
Generosity
Corruption Perception
Residual error

Variables:

Country.name
This variable contains 149 in 2021 data and 153 in 2020 data unique variables in it. It holds different names from each country in the survey.
It is character class? 

Region.indicator
This variable shows the regions that the data was taken from. It is not a numerical value.

Ladder.score
This variable ranks each country with its own number, based on the given ranking. There are 158 unique variables
in this column. It is a numeric value.

Standard.error.of.ladder.score
This is the average of standard error for the Ladder.score in each country.

upperwhisker
the upper whisker average of the Ladder.score in each country.

lowerwhisker
The lower whisker average of the Ladder.score in each country.

Logged.GDP.per.capita (GDP per capita)
This variable accounts for the GDP per capita of each country on the list.

Social.support
This variable was expressed to be the average social support for people in each country

Health.life.expectancy
This variable deals with the average life expectancy in each country.

Freedom.to.make.life.choices
This variable represents the Freedom to make life choices and was determine by the average of responses from each country.

Perception.of.corruption
This variable represents the peoples average perception of corruption in their repective countries.

Generosity 
This variable is the average of peoples overall generosity in their countries. 

Ladder.score.in.dystopia


